So this is going to be a long post so I apologize in advance but I have to get this all off my chest. I’m here to give advice not receive it because I’ve already learned.. I don’t need any comments about how horrible of a person I am because I know I am walking scum and honestly if I wasn’t such a coward I’d rather just die.

I married the love of my life about half a decade ago after meeting him in highschool. We were almost together 10 years when we divorced but only married for 5. I knew from the moment I met him that I loved him and he was special and that I would spend the rest of my life with him. We didn’t per se have the same child hood but they were both tough in their own ways. He adored me, looked at me like I was his whole world, did anything for me and we were just best friends. Some back story to our highschool. He had so many different friend groups and could just fit in anywhere. I had one and it wasn’t like they were people I would’ve considered best friends. We never kept in contact after highschool. He moved off to college a year before me with 3 of his good friends which all ended up flunking out or moving home. His first year really did a mental breakdown on him because his roommate just wasn’t good. The next year I followed him and we moved in together. It was great always getting to be together at the end of the day. We loved it. We didn’t live in a great part of town and our house got broken into a few times so he eventually ended up staying up all night to make sure we were safe and that on top of classes took another toll on him. His closest friends ended up drifting away from each other. One joined the military, one went to lineman school and the other went across the state to college so all we had was each other. I knew I was a loner but I had always wanted friends but I thought I had accepted I wouldn’t have any long term friends at this point. He had not accepted this yet but I think he was realizing his friendships were slowly dying.

That same year Covid hit and we decided to leave the dreadful city behind and move to where my husband had some family and finish our classes online. I transferred schools and continued online and he actually went one more semester and then stopped going. He had gotten a blue collar job doing something he loved and I think he just thought his degree would be of no use to him. During the time that classes were online I got to go be with him almost everyday at his job and I loved every minute of it. Then he moved to a bigger blouse collar job and that had to stop but I also graduated and got a big girl job. We bought our first vehicles together, bought our first house, got animals and really had the whole life and I was in love with it. My first year really working got lonely though. I had a lot of time off and he, being a blue collar man, worked a lot. I missed him a ton.

The next year I got what I would’ve called my dream job. It demanded more of me and I gave more because I wanted to be great at it. It also was a position I became more well known in this community and I really wanted that. In my childhood my mother left and never picked me so I think my want to be seen and chosen was feeling like it was being filled in this position. In the meantime, I was making “friends”. I had never had coworker friends nor friends in general since I had graduated highschool. I loved this and just wanted to fit in. I fed into the drama, the gossip, everything, just to be cool or “seen”. At the same time my husband was working a lot and we had a conversation about our life and it going in to different directions and he didn’t know if we could get them back on track. I had also asked him to take a weekend off work during the busy season to go to an event out of town with me. He said no and when I asked why he said he was looking out for him and putting him first. It hurt my heart to hear that. I now know I took it out of context but at the time I thought he meant he didn’t really care about what I wanted and him being with me. From that day forward, we slipped away from each other.

One weekend I went out with friends and didn’t term him I was going with a bunch of people. He found out from someone else that other people were going to be there. While a lot of people, including him and rightfully so, thought I cheated that night I didn’t. I did take my ring off and walk with my girlfriends as I wanted to feel like I was single though. Things came to a head. Bed thought I cheated and I hadn’t and I still wanted to save our marriage so I sat back and tried. Things went okay for a while but then I started going to events again and hanging out with these “friends”. In September we went on a day trip and it was going great but it all came up and he was beating on the steering wheel, yelling.. I just felt like I couldn’t do anything right. I now look back and know he was just trying so hard to save our marriage because he could see it slipping away. In October, he said he was done if he had to keep chasing me down like this. I felt upset because after the initial weekend he set boundaries that I thought weren’t fair because I hadn’t cheated. I couldn’t go to the events, I couldn’t hang out with said friends, I couldn’t message them. All the things. I thought these boundaries were ridiculous so I pushed and broke them. On my birthday, we went to a really nice restaurant but it overlooked where the original dreaded weekend had taken place and of course it came up.. I ended up holding back as many tears as I could at dinner because of some of the stuff said and he profusely apologized. By new year we were hardly seeing each other. He was always gone and I was home. I got fed up and said I was divorcing him and told my “friends” but not him. I ended up cheating on him with one of these “friends” during that same time. He found out and was ready to leave. I fought hard to keep him and I think it was out of guilt at the time. After about a month or two I actually filed for divorce and was with this other person. In my heart, the whole time I knew I had messed up and I regretted it but I kept getting in deeper and felt like I couldn’t get out. His family knew and hated me at this point, the other persons family liked me, there was mending that had to be done with him, and I was just scared of the long hard road ahead. So for months I stayed with the other guy while not letting go of my husband. I wanted him the whole time I just couldn’t force myself to leave because I was scared if my husband and I couldn’t move forward then what… at this point I had asked if he would go see someone and he wouldn’t. He ended up sitting me down in. Restaurant not long after that and said he realized his wrong doings and short comings in the marriage as well as mine and was finally working on himself… and that to please come back because we could work through it. I still remember the look in his eyes and I should’ve known he meant every word of it. I wanted to accept him back right then and there but once again I didn’t. I was afraid that anytime we may had had an argument that he’d use it against me or in general maybe his family would just make it really difficult…. So many things but I should’ve not cared because now I miss him more than anything in this world and would give anything to just be with him again.

So we get divorced.. but I could never let him go. His one non-negotiable to still being friends with me was me not seeing this other guy and I just wouldn’t do it. I’ve always wanted something like this family had and I had it at this point so how could I let it go.. in reality I knew in my heart who I really loved and wanted to be back with him. I tried in the end to do just that… I ended up not being able to see him for good and could no longer talk to him. To this day it breaks my heart and I just want to move away from everything I’ve ever known with him where we lived together. I can’t go anywhere without some memory of him following me here. I’m haunted everyday by how I treated the man who literally loved me unconditionally, provided me with the absolute best life, loved traveling everywhere with me, we had our silly names, we had our inside jokes, and to others what may have seemed like a boring nighttime routine… but I’d cook dinner or we’d get take out, we’d get in bed and turn on a series we were watching.. I should have fought so much harder but the want for friends and people to like me overrode that… now I think how ridiculous… I wish I had kept my first job or hell even done my second job but not let it get to me. I treated him less than and I’ll never be able to take that back… he hates me and has every right and then some to, but I just hope he knows how much I love him and how sorry I am.. I cry a lot, but even more than that I’m just empty… the light inside of me is gone and it’s just so dark… and on a daily basis I have to pretend I’m okay but I’m not. I’ll never not long for that man back or the love we had. Sometimes it’s too late so my advice is… please try before it’s gone forever. Water the grass where you are and it won’t look greener on the other side. Don’t hurt the people you love because they won’t stick around forever and they shouldn’t have to, they deserve so much more than that. Would you have thought after the cheating this was something we could’ve saved? I know it can’t be saved now but I should have tried harder then. I would give anything to go back and be with him.

“If life is only ups and downs Maybe you'll come on back around Save me from what I've become Lord knows I can't keep losing sleep dreaming about A life where we work out”